[
"I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has.",
"I alone can fix it.",
"I think I am, actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.",
"The beauty of me is that I'm very rich.",
"I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.",
"All of the women on 'The Apprentice' flirted with me—consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.",
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy.",
"Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest—and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure. It's not your fault.",
"My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well been documented, are various other parts of my body.",
"He referred to my hands, if they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee it.",
"We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump.",
"I will tell you at the time. I’ll keep you in suspense, OK?",
“I've had a beautiful, I've had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign.”,
"I think the only card she has is the women's card. She has got nothing else going. Frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5% of the vote. And the beautiful thing is women don't like her, ok?",
"I don't think I'm going to lose, but if I do, I don't think you're ever going to see me again, folks. I think I'll go to Turnberry and play golf or something.",
"We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.",
"I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, okay? It's, like, incredible.",
“I know where she went—it’s disgusting, I don’t want to talk about it. No, it’s too disgusting. Don’t say it, it’s disgusting.",
“I don’t think I’ve made mistakes. Every time somebody said I made a mistake, they do the polls and my numbers go up, so I guess I haven't made any mistakes.",
"We need a leader that wrote 'The Art of the Deal.'",
"I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful.",
"Why can’t we use nuclear weapons?",
“I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I’ve said a lot of things.",
"I'll tell you, it's Big Business. If there is one word to describe Atlantic City, it's Big Business. Or two words—Big Business.",
"Trump Steaks, where are the steaks? Do we have steaks? We have Trump Steaks.",
"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're sending people that have lots of problems...they're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists.",
"That makes me smart.",
"I'm not a schmuck. Even if the world goes to hell in a handbasket, I won't lose a penny.",
"Nobody respects women more than me.",
"You know, it really doesn't matter what the media write as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass.",
"Women: You have to treat them like s**t.",
"A person who is very flat chested is very hard to be a 10.",
"I don’t even know some of those statements. I don’t even know what they are. Nobody respects women more than I do.",
"I wrote this out, and it's very close to my heart. Because I was down there and I watched our police and our firemen down at 7/11, down at the World Trade Center right after it came down. And I saw the greatest people I've ever seen in action.",
"Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy. I was a really good student at the best school in the country. The reason I have a little doubt, just a little, is because he grew up and nobody knew him.",
"I love the old days, you know? You know what I hate? There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches, we're not allowed punch back anymore....I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell ya.",
"There may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience. If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell—I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees.",
"That was so great. Who was the person who did that? Put up your hand, put up your hand. Bring that person up here. I love that.",
"I’ve been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.",
"There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down.",
"China steals United States Navy research drone in international waters—rips it out of water and takes it to China in unpresidented act.",
"I don't like the crying.",
"My entire life, I've watched politicians bragging about how poor they are, how they came from nothing, how poor their parents and grandparents were. And I said to myself, if they can stay so poor for so many generations, maybe this isn't the kind of person we want to be electing to higher office. How smart can they be? They're morons.",
"Free trade is terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people.",
"These are stupid people that say, 'Oh didn't Trump declare bankruptcy? Didn't he go bankrupt?' I didn't go bankrupt.",
"For evangelicals, for the Christians, for the everybody, for everybody of religion, this will be, may be, the most important election that our country has ever had. And once I get in, I will do my thing that I do very well. And I figure it is probably, maybe the only way I'm going to get to heaven. So I better do a good job.",
"I think our country does plenty of killing also, Joe.",
 "I know more about ISIS than the generals do, believe me...I would bomb the sh**t out of them.",
"Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.",
“I like kids. I mean, I won’t do anything to take care of them. I’ll supply funds, and she’ll take care of the kids.",
"She really has become a monster...I mean monster in the most positive way.",
"Appreciate the congrats for being right on radical Islamic terrorism, I don't want congrats, I want toughness & vigilance. We must be smart!",
"Happy Cinco de Mayo! The best taco bowls are made in Trump Tower Grill. I love Hispanics!",
"What do I know about it? All I know is what's on the internet.",
"It is better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a sheep.”,
“Now, the poor guy—you've got to see this guy, ‘Ah, I don't know what I said! I don't remember!'",
"You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.",
"In life you have to rely on the past, and that's called history."
]
